Circles moving with different magnitudes of variation within each given 
    type.

    Various Walkers with randomly determined movements:

        Gaussian
        Noise
        random

        These can apply to direction or size or forces or second order
        relations to how and when the speed (or shape) will change.
    
        exposential, logmarithmic?



    Circles with a constant speed in a given direction

    FlowField

    Steering

    flocking.

    setTimeout and go back to original position.

    Make the colors really weird and washed out or abrasive or overtly referential so 
    that they don't just look like "computer art colors." Or make them so straightforwardly
    honest about their context and what they do that they're purely literal. Or embrace
    the overall aesthetic of web design while contradicting or expanding the palette.

    

    No artists in the art world - or very very few - can code so it is kind of, possibly,
    a really unexplored territory. The question is where the somewhat accessible form of
    creative coding which has been popularized by Daniel Shiffman and p5. 

    To what degree does making the coding more elaborate or "better" make the 
    art better and what point are you striving for a kind of self-indulgent technqiue.

    Technique is style. What is the style if you make the coding more complex.

    If it's technically better it's better. But technique includes the knowledge of
    art and art history that informs it and the choices made on those criteria
    not "just" the complexity of the coding.

    This includes, especially, color which symptomatic of other types of more
    "structural" qualities like the shapes themselves or the ways in which 
    they move. 

    ColorFactory is good because the coding was being practiced and expanded - doing
    something that I haven't done before - without straining, purely, for complexity.

    What does it mean to visualize the shapes that your coding. These become an
    interface.

    The process of writing about these things is a way of understanding what
    my own thoughts are and then refining them or elaborating on them.

    What is restraintt here and is it necessary?

    Figure out how to do something with the skills that you've learned that defies,
    contradicts, or undermines the logic of the context in which you've learned 
    those things.